- How are we doing tonight?
- Good.
How are you?
Officer Steere, Warwick
Police Department.
I'm just stopping you.
You were having a little
trouble maintaining your lane,
up there, on the highway.
- Oh-- I'm so sorry.
- Just wanted to make
sure you're OK to drive.
- Yes.
Thank you.
I am.
- I'm having a little
trouble hearing you.
So when you get your license,
if you just step out,
I'll talk to you back here.
That way we don't have
to yell across the car.
- I would prefer
not to step out.
Do I have to step out?
- All right.
Well, you are going to step out.
Yeah.
OK?
[dramatic music]
I guess you're having trouble
hearing me from that side, too.
Why don't you step out for me.
- I'm not having trouble.
I'm just trying to find my ID.
- All right.
I'll let you get
that in a minute.
You need to follow
directions, OK?
So why don't you
just step out for me.
- May I have a minute?
- I'm asking you to step
out of the car, right now.
So open the door, and
step out of the car.
All right?
Because I believe you're
driving under the influence.
- No, I'm not.
- No?
- No.
- Why do I smell alcohol?
- I don't know.
- All right.
Step out of the car, please.
I'm not asking you.
I'm telling you.
- Um, excuse me--
- Come on out of the car.
- Excuse me--
- All right.
You know I'm a police
officer, right?
- Yeah.
- And I'm telling you
to exit the vehicle.
I want you to step over
to the side, over there.
We're going to walk
over to the curb,
and we're going to
have a conversation.
That's all it's got to be.
- We can have a
conversation right here.
- No.
You're getting out of the car.
[radio chimes] Bob, the
plate's going to be [audio out]
No.
- Listen--
- Well, don't make me touch you.
All right?
I don't want you
taking off on me.
Step out of the car.
- Step out of the car.
-
- I'm telling you to
step out of the car.
All right?
- Please--
- Step out of the car.
- You're hurting my wrist.
- I'm not trying
to hurt your wrist.
But you're not going to shut
a door when I think you're
driving under the influence.
- I'm just trying to
put it behind the line.
- Let me ask you
this-- do you have any
type of mental
illness, or anything,
you're taking medication for?
- No.
- Then step out of the car.
- No, thank you.
- Step out of the car.
- Please don't pull me.
- Then do what I'm
asking you to do.
- Please don't pull me.
- Listen-- how much have
you had to drink tonight?
- Not a lot, at all.
- What's "not a lot?"
- Two drinks.
- Two drinks?
What were they?
Beer, or alcohol?
- Beer.
- Like, hard alcohol?
- How long ago was that?
- Uh, what time is it?
Can I please have my hand back?
- Well, then step
out of the car,
and I'll be more than happy
to let go of your wrist.
[radio chatter]
- Do you want to
get pepper sprayed?
- All you need to do
is get out of the car.
- I would like my
attorney, please.
- Well, you're going to
have that opportunity.
Trust me.
But right now, like I said,
no one here is going anywhere.
- I'm not a threat.
- You're going to get out of
this car, one way or another.
- I am not a threat.
I have no weapons.
- Do you want to
physically remove her?
Or do you want to spray her?
- I have nothing.
I have nothing.
- Step out of the car.
I will, if you let me gather--
if-- excuse me!
- It's not an option.
- This is not--
- Step out of the car.
You need some help
pulling her out?
- Yeah.
- You shouldn't
be pulling me out.
- OK.
You know what?
Last chance, and
you're getting sprayed.
- You have two feet.
Just walk.
- All you've got to do
is get out of the car.
- I am asking--
- This is all unnecessary.
- I understand that
it's-- please stop--
- Come on out.
Come on out.
- Please stop--
you're hurting me!
- Then stand up--
- I have asked you to stop--
- --and act like an adult.
- Excuse me-- excuse me--
- Stop.
- This is against my will.
- Yes.
You're under arrest.
[radio chatter]
- You put yourself
in this position.
You could have-- this
could have been very easy.
- I didn't do anything.
I've asked you to please stop--
[inaudible]
[radio chatter]
- So 15 minutes
into the stop, we
finally got her out of the car.
But there was a
reason why she didn't
want to get out of
the car-- because she
knew she was impaired.
We'll read her her rights,
and we'll get her out of here.
Get her back to the station.